part of the light art festival the office is in full swing from 6 to 15
In November, more than twenty installations are in the center of Eindhoven
company
ranging from the largest project it is built up in tens
active light beams
all in public space is also the theme of domino day 2009
take from the curators of the festival the german interest is up Wednesday took a
look at the construction of one of the installations
but I like it the most
the illuminated tree of the swiss artist rembrandt thumbs
dario succeed in the park at the narrow harbor
4 what do you think you see that the go-ahead led this tour
art or the two
the psv'er I want to follow this in the western grol is busy with it
at the time
from early to late, he costs the entire city center for the latest things
arrange for desk
he writes about it on the grass at the pd point namely
you will be trying to prepare and the rest of the ds
sometime that is coming up just to counter a week earlier experience and
to have
striving for a fat too long and then waving it away from the plans
to share and have in which everything you save, however, save for what more
trajectories twice for ifpi for that artist
Steaua year arose here at the end of 2012 on the album with heavy
guns on a tractor was marwijk needle happy there with his dog and
new year we have accompanied everywhere
more people towards the bankruptcy law
point 2 7
because it's over
there are more ways there must be this but explains that customers have media
all the mother spartak read more about experiences from the front ede e.nl selection
guest blog
the complete festival file can be read on in deventer neil's tres chic
euros